game_tips
{
	"tip"	"You can change your weapons and equipment anytime via the 'Loadout Selection' option on the main menu, just keep in mind that any changes will not be applied until the next combat phase."
	"tip"	"Maps do not have to use every available wave type. Some may only use a few, or even just one! Which wave types are actually used is defined on a per-map basis."
	"tip"	"Your speed depends on a variety of factors, including your current health and loadout. For instance, some weapons weigh more than others, so before you go straight for that AR2, think of the repercussions!"
	"tip"	"Interim phases are the only times in the game where you get a short break from all the action, so make use of them! Reassess your team's strategy, change your loadout, find a new place to defend...do *something* before the next wave begins!"
	"tip"	"Health kits restore a target's health to full and are available as equipment via the loadout menu. Once equipped, you can either use it on yourself (primary fire button), heal a teammate (secondary fire button), or hold onto it for later. Successfully healing a teammate will give you additional credits."
	"tip"	"If you're injured, don't worry, you'll regenerate health, but it may take a while to fully recover from your wounds. To speed up the process, use a health kit or request someone who has one to use it on you. If all else fails, just hide and stay out of harm's way until you're better!"
	"tip"	"Sometimes you may encounter a boss NPC during a wave. You'll know them when you see them. These enemies are much stronger than their counterparts, but each has a significant weakness..."
	"tip"	"If you encounter support NPCs (e.g. armed citizens), they will follow you and your team as a support squad. This squad is fully capable of operating on its own, but if necessary, you can command its members to move to a particular location (squad command key)."
	"tip"	"All clip-based projectile weapons have unlimited ammo. This might seem like a good thing, and it is, but don't let it go to your head. In the end, your survival is still limited by your mortality."
	"tip"	"There is no such thing as 'winning' a game of Contingency. The waves of enemies are infinite, and you are limited by your health. Instead, the challenge is to see how far you can get (i.e. how many waves you can clear) before your team is wiped out."
	"tip"	"Instead of a class system, Contingency features a loadout system that allows you to choose your own weapons by category. This puts you in total control of your in-game performance. Each and every combination of weapons has its own set of advantages and disadvantages, so be sure to experiment with different loadouts as the game progresses!"
	"tip"	"For everything Contingency, visit our website @ www.agentredproductions.com and join our community!"
	"tip"	"Have you identified what you believe to be a bug or an exploit? Report it to us via our forums @ www.agentredproductions.com/forum"
	"tip"	"Have a tip you think is worthy of being displayed here? Visit our forums @ www.agentredproductions.com/forum and tell us about it!"
}